hi I'm Colin Colin TV today we have a
Spira and play-doh set with super tools
I can't wait to build some cool stuff
wrong look at the back here are the
things you can create is it you out webs
mixed fires and you can even make
spider-man himself it looks pretty cool
open it up just go go inside the box
three cans of play-doh one red one white
and one blue one sparrow-man mold one
spider mold one color and one wet
slinger now let's play with it
let's use our spider-man molds put the
blue player first pants nice fireman put
pants on now let's create a hem
I want to make them you have to get kind
of hard I think that blow too much let's
see what he looks like
here we go he looks pretty cool now
let's take all the extra off okay it
looks like now is that the eyes
that's very cool put Spidey to the side
now our next mold is a spire mold now
it's put it down
now let's legs extending there we go
yeah it's always at each side now let's
put this up let's eat
yeah let's put Jesus back
there's a red creepy eyes now let's cut
of the legs off oh jeez now they're blue
guts let's do the other side
now now that it doesn't have any legs
put some more play-doh in already uses
legs some red let's put them back on
here we go there you can see the red
from last time
yeah now that's the blooding that's our
last time that's on his legs the read
those put some so let's take it off and
put some more wine
so can go a little white on the legs I
make extra long legs oh jeez
let's put the eye nose I like it better
I always like to match played out
together so you can get really cool
colors we go one-eyed spider
whoa that looks awesome
now he gets extra long legs and now he
isn't one evil red eye now we're done
with him put into the side no star final
mold the spiderwebs all right and the
back there's a little spider spider take
the exit it may make this red white and
blue spider molds they're really cool
let's make our webs
just push it down out from the web I
heard something crack in there it's
cracking well how I scream a our webs
now put more white play-doh in so I can
make a real web
let's just put the player in the wrong
spot
we're almost out flight you might have
to use some other play-doh let's make
some more why is a crate there separate
them they can make our wet they're all
sticking so product is fine let's put
this on
well that was really fun I got a purpose
of spider-man mold I can't wait to do
some more play-doh well that's all for
today thanks bye oh and remount to
subscribe or some other videos